translate "Configuration of authentification" (#605)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/development/configuration/authentication/_index.en.md

---

> title: Configuration of authentification
> linktitle: Authentification
> description: Some configurations can be usefull when it comes to authentification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configuration of authentication
linktitle: Authentication
description: Some configuration can be useful when it comes to authentication
```

Author: ```suggestion
title: Configuration of authentication
linktitle: Authentication
description: Some configurations can be useful when it comes to authentication
```

weight: 800
---

> ## Authentification level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authentication level
```

> Required authentification level is set in the [XACML Policy](../authorization) as an obligation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required authentication level is set in the [XACML Policy](../authorization) as an obligation.
```
